Sarmin.MD, before:

---
marp: true
title: Sarmin's Farewell
description: Sarmin's Farewell
theme: gaia
size: 16:9
paginate: true
_paginate: false
header: ":copyright: THANK YOU"
footer: "Sarmin Rocks :heart:"
---
![](#012)

![bg opacity 60%](http://img.picturequotes.com/2/542/541515/goodbye-quote-1.jpg)

# <!--fit--> Woman Who Code ! **Sarmin** ! The Geek

<br /> <br />
<br/><br/>
<br/><br/>

### Team@Amex

<!-- This is presenter note. You can write down notes through HTML comment. -->
---
![bg 50% opacity blur](https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/deanjain)

### Dean Jain Says:

#### Sarmin = The Gateway of Team !!

##### Having spent 5+ years with you, Wonder woman, Fast learner, Polite, Super helpful attitude... Java/Spring/Kafka Champion, will miss you a lot, proud of you and your efforts, keep learning and keep growing !! THANKS SO MUCH for everything... All the BEST and keep in touch.

<!-- _class: lead -->

<style scoped> { font-size:24px;}</style>
---
![bg 80% opacity ](https://cdn2.hubspot.net/hubfs/53/00-Blog_Thinkstock_Images/what-is-a-pillar-page-seo.png)

### Rahul Kumar Says:
####  
##### 

<!-- _class: lead -->
<style scoped> { font-size:24px;}</style>
---
![bg 80% opacity ](https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1499810631641-541e76d678a2?ixid=MnwxMjA3fDB8MHxwaG90by1wYWdlfHx8fGVufDB8fHx8&ixlib=rb-1.2.1&auto=format&fit=crop&w=1050&q=80)

### Edwin Hung Says:
####  
##### 
<!-- _class: lead -->
<style scoped> { font-size:24px;}</style>
---

![bg 80% opacity ](https://stickybranding.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/smart-dedicated-hardworking.jpg)

### Arun Nulu Says:
####  
##### 

<!-- _class: lead -->
<style scoped> { font-size:24px;}</style>
---
![bg 80% opacity blur](https://www.blueline.ca/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/8462441f2a27d8cdd8b6b8f475b97ecb.jpg)

### Md Tamim Mandal:
#### A Good Colleague and Friend! 
##### It was a wonderful time working with you for more than 3 years.As a coworker I wish to work with you again and apprecite your quality of work,hardwork and super helpful nature.Keep positively impacting others around with your humble attitude and appreciative nature.All the very best for your new role Sarmin... :)   
<!-- _class: lead -->
<style scoped> { font-size:24px;}</style>
---
![bg 80% opacity ](https://st2.depositphotos.com/1173077/9002/i/950/depositphotos_90029262-stock-photo-morning-pray-at-beautiful-landscape.jpg)

### Mayank Sharma Says:
####  
##### 
<!-- _class: lead -->
<style scoped> { font-size:24px;}</style>
---
![bg 80% opacity ](https://www.wikihow.com/images/thumb/9/96/Be-Knowledgeable-Step-1-Version-3.jpg/aid161148-v4-728px-Be-Knowledgeable-Step-1-Version-3.jpg.webp)

### :
####  
##### 
<!-- _class: lead -->
<style scoped> { font-size:24px;}</style>
---
![bg 80% opacity blur](https://www.franksonnenbergonline.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/image_how-to-prove-that-youre-dependable.jpg)

### Ruchika Dakalia Says:
####  A superb human being!
##### You are a dear friend for life. Can't try but stop myself from being emotional about you leaving. You are the most helpful person I have ever met...as a woman I have always felt proud seeing you succeed and be the best in whatever you put yourself in. Be the way you are and wish you the best in all your endeavors. Will be definitely be in touch!

<!-- _class: lead -->
<style scoped> { font-size:24px;}</style>
---
![bg 80% opacity ](https://assets.entrepreneur.com/content/3x2/2000/20190812184546-GettyImages-1009803562.jpeg)

### Poornima Says:
#### 
##### 
<!-- _class: lead -->
<style scoped> { font-size:24px;}</style>
---
![bg 80% opacity blur](https://www.stevenswonderblogs.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/12/discipline-300x300.jpg)

### Atheeth Kaup Says:
####  
##### 
<!-- _class: lead -->
<style scoped> { font-size:24px;}</style>
---
![bg 80% opacity blur](https://www.stevenswonderblogs.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/12/discipline-300x300.jpg)

### Param Says:
####  
##### 
<!-- _class: lead -->
<style scoped> { font-size:24px;}</style>
---
![bg 80% opacity ](http://www.selfvirtue.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/superhero-costumes-for-men.jpg)

### Kanhaiya Kumar Says:
####  A marvelous colleague. You are rare!!!
##### It will be very difficult to fill the void left by you here at Blaze! you are helpful, encouraging, and supportive.The knowledge that you shared with us and the learning you bought cannot be compared with anything. You’re a true friend and having you as a colleague was a great experience. wish you all the best to achieve new heights of success in your carrier. Gonna miss your fun here. 
<!-- _class: lead -->
<style scoped> { font-size:24px;}</style>
---
![bg 80% opacity ](https://www.fght.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/01/Stronghold.jpg)

### Vivek Says:
#### 
##### 
<!-- _class: lead -->
<style scoped> { font-size:24px;}</style>
---
![bg 80% opacity ](https://miro.medium.com/max/2880/1*a911Z2_Di2fK7z7Qfg5r_A.jpeg)

### Veena Manohar Says:
#### 
##### 
<!-- _class: lead -->
<style scoped> { font-size:24px;}</style>

---
![bg 80% opacity ](https://cdp.azureedge.net/products-private/prod/b85c66d2-a7e7-45eb-b7ad-cb74fbc7d77f/e84411b3-3c44-43d0-a7be-ac7901602bfa/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/9986bbaa-ce48-4289-8b3c-ac6f0029acec/2ac41368-60ae-4b50-a7cc-ad6400fc8e20/6000000001.jpg)

### Says:
#### 
##### 
<!-- _class: lead -->
<style scoped> { font-size:24px;}</style>
---
![bg](#123)
![](#fff)

![bg opacity 50%](https://dogtrainingobedienceschool.com/pic/4526090_full-missing-work-colleagues-quotes-goodbye-quotes.jpg)

<br><br><br><br>
<br>

### Thanks so much Sarmin again for all your efforts, hardwork and collaboration ! :ok_hand::blush: Keep Rocking !

 :heart::purple_heart::green_heart::blue_heart:

Commit message:

Update for Sarmin.MD by Param.

Sarmin.MD, after:

---
marp: true
title: Sarmin's Farewell
description: Sarmin's Farewell
theme: gaia
size: 16:9
paginate: true
_paginate: false
header: ":copyright: THANK YOU"
footer: "Sarmin Rocks :heart:"
---
![](#012)

![bg opacity 60%](http://img.picturequotes.com/2/542/541515/goodbye-quote-1.jpg)

# <!--fit--> Woman Who Code ! **Sarmin** ! The Geek

<br /> <br />
<br/><br/>
<br/><br/>

### Team@Amex

<!-- This is presenter note. You can write down notes through HTML comment. -->
---
![bg 50% opacity blur](https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/deanjain)

### Dean Jain Says:

#### Sarmin = The Gateway of Team !!

##### Having spent 5+ years with you, Wonder woman, Fast learner, Polite, Super helpful attitude... Java/Spring/Kafka Champion, will miss you a lot, proud of you and your efforts, keep learning and keep growing !! THANKS SO MUCH for everything... All the BEST and keep in touch.

<!-- _class: lead -->

<style scoped> { font-size:24px;}</style>
---
![bg 80% opacity ](https://cdn2.hubspot.net/hubfs/53/00-Blog_Thinkstock_Images/what-is-a-pillar-page-seo.png)

### Rahul Kumar Says:
####  
##### 

<!-- _class: lead -->
<style scoped> { font-size:24px;}</style>
---
![bg 80% opacity ](https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1499810631641-541e76d678a2?ixid=MnwxMjA3fDB8MHxwaG90by1wYWdlfHx8fGVufDB8fHx8&ixlib=rb-1.2.1&auto=format&fit=crop&w=1050&q=80)

### Edwin Hung Says:
####  
##### 
<!-- _class: lead -->
<style scoped> { font-size:24px;}</style>
---

![bg 80% opacity ](https://stickybranding.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/smart-dedicated-hardworking.jpg)

### Arun Nulu Says:
####  
##### 

<!-- _class: lead -->
<style scoped> { font-size:24px;}</style>
---
![bg 80% opacity blur](https://www.blueline.ca/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/8462441f2a27d8cdd8b6b8f475b97ecb.jpg)

### Md Tamim Mandal:
#### A Good Colleague and Friend! 
##### It was a wonderful time working with you for more than 3 years.As a coworker I wish to work with you again and apprecite your quality of work,hardwork and super helpful nature.Keep positively impacting others around with your humble attitude and appreciative nature.All the very best for your new role Sarmin... :)   
<!-- _class: lead -->
<style scoped> { font-size:24px;}</style>
---
![bg 80% opacity ](https://st2.depositphotos.com/1173077/9002/i/950/depositphotos_90029262-stock-photo-morning-pray-at-beautiful-landscape.jpg)

### Mayank Sharma Says:
####  
##### 
<!-- _class: lead -->
<style scoped> { font-size:24px;}</style>
---
![bg 80% opacity ](https://www.wikihow.com/images/thumb/9/96/Be-Knowledgeable-Step-1-Version-3.jpg/aid161148-v4-728px-Be-Knowledgeable-Step-1-Version-3.jpg.webp)

### :
####  
##### 
<!-- _class: lead -->
<style scoped> { font-size:24px;}</style>
---
![bg 80% opacity blur](https://www.franksonnenbergonline.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/image_how-to-prove-that-youre-dependable.jpg)

### Ruchika Dakalia Says:
####  A superb human being!
##### You are a dear friend for life. Can't try but stop myself from being emotional about you leaving. You are the most helpful person I have ever met...as a woman I have always felt proud seeing you succeed and be the best in whatever you put yourself in. Be the way you are and wish you the best in all your endeavors. Will be definitely be in touch!

<!-- _class: lead -->
<style scoped> { font-size:24px;}</style>
---
![bg 80% opacity ](https://assets.entrepreneur.com/content/3x2/2000/20190812184546-GettyImages-1009803562.jpeg)

### Poornima Says:
#### 
##### 
<!-- _class: lead -->
<style scoped> { font-size:24px;}</style>
---
![bg 80% opacity blur](https://www.stevenswonderblogs.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/12/discipline-300x300.jpg)

### Atheeth Kaup Says:
####  
##### 
<!-- _class: lead -->
<style scoped> { font-size:24px;}</style>
---
![bg 80% opacity blur](https://www.stevenswonderblogs.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/12/discipline-300x300.jpg)

### Param Says:
####  Sarmin = (GRS) Gateway Respects Sarmin !
##### It was really nice working with you Sarmin ! You are a very good Leader, Colleague, Friend, Mentor and Awesome Person. You are one of the examples for one can work on multiple things and can know everything better.

<!-- _class: lead -->
<style scoped> { font-size:24px;}</style>
---
![bg 80% opacity ](http://www.selfvirtue.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/superhero-costumes-for-men.jpg)

### Kanhaiya Kumar Says:
####  A marvelous colleague. You are rare!!!
##### It will be very difficult to fill the void left by you here at Blaze! you are helpful, encouraging, and supportive.The knowledge that you shared with us and the learning you bought cannot be compared with anything. You’re a true friend and having you as a colleague was a great experience. wish you all the best to achieve new heights of success in your carrier. Gonna miss your fun here. 
<!-- _class: lead -->
<style scoped> { font-size:24px;}</style>
---
![bg 80% opacity ](https://www.fght.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/01/Stronghold.jpg)

### Vivek Says:
#### 
##### 
<!-- _class: lead -->
<style scoped> { font-size:24px;}</style>
---
![bg 80% opacity ](https://miro.medium.com/max/2880/1*a911Z2_Di2fK7z7Qfg5r_A.jpeg)

### Veena Manohar Says:
#### 
##### 
<!-- _class: lead -->
<style scoped> { font-size:24px;}</style>

---
![bg 80% opacity ](https://cdp.azureedge.net/products-private/prod/b85c66d2-a7e7-45eb-b7ad-cb74fbc7d77f/e84411b3-3c44-43d0-a7be-ac7901602bfa/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/9986bbaa-ce48-4289-8b3c-ac6f0029acec/2ac41368-60ae-4b50-a7cc-ad6400fc8e20/6000000001.jpg)

### Says:
#### 
##### 
<!-- _class: lead -->
<style scoped> { font-size:24px;}</style>
---
![bg](#123)
![](#fff)

![bg opacity 50%](https://dogtrainingobedienceschool.com/pic/4526090_full-missing-work-colleagues-quotes-goodbye-quotes.jpg)

<br><br><br><br>
<br>

### Thanks so much Sarmin again for all your efforts, hardwork and collaboration ! :ok_hand::blush: Keep Rocking !

 :heart::purple_heart::green_heart::blue_heart:
